The Joe Rogan.
Experience. Yeah. So people don't know the sport.
Botter Hari is one of the biggest names in the sport, like forever.
He's he's a guy who he's stopped Alistair Overeem
he, you know, he's fought in [inaudible].
Who, I mean.
He he's a wild man, you know,
but he hasn't fought in high-level competition for a long time.
And then he fought you. Yeah. Yeah.
Yeah. So the thing was, everybody was, uh,
I was beating everybody. I was champion and I was beating everybody.
People said, yeah, he goes good. He's the champion. But he hasn't fought Baader.
I was like, Hey, if he went on national television and said, Hey,
if he wants to fight, let's.
Go. But he had been dealing with a bunch of legal trouble.
Had a lot of problems.
Yeah. He broke someone's leg in a club. Yeah. A.
Lot, a lot of.
It's crazy. There's a video of him slapping some guy's face at a, in a hotel.
Yeah. Imagine that guy's slapping your face,
your support worker behind the counter Bonner comes in and like.
Do everyone.
Here take their keys here?
Yeah. So, so yeah, he had a bunch of problems, but then the,
eventually the fight happened because that's the fight that people wanted to
see. But for me it was just like another fight.
And then the fight at the end, the fight ended that way. Uh, yeah,
that was too bad. So, but now we can do it again. Yeah.
So the fight was quite a while ago. How long.
Ago was that? 2016.
Yeah. That's why did it take so long for the rematch?
Yeah. There was a bunch of stuff going on in between.
And like last year he fought as the,
Girgis also a good Kickbox I believe he's now doing MMA in Beltour
and he's fought before, right? Yeah. He fought as we before,
but it got disqualified.
So that's right. He stomped them.
On the ground. Yeah. So, so, and, but after death he's so crazy.
So wild dude. Yeah. And then after that fight, they both got,
uh, got, uh, caught with using.
Whatever. Oh, steroids. Yeah. Oh.
So, so they,
they both got suspended and I believe has as he wasn't suspended,
I don't know. But he got suspended til December this year. So that's why.
How did the fight go? The last, when you fought last year with the head Z.
He won one. It wasn't easy, but he won. Was it.
Lost? I mean a decision or was it a decision? Yeah. Yeah. So for him,
that was the first fight since your fight with him in 2016. Is that it?
Yeah. Cause he's been because he's had a.
Bunch of on and off. Yeah.
But, uh, and then now he's not training at Mike's gym anymore. Well, right.
Do you know who he's training with?
Um, yeah. I don't remember his name, but I know, I know the guy,
but not always training.
With, well, he looks good on Instagram.
For sure. But it's very.
Fat. A lot of people, a lot of people look good on Instagram,
you know that or you see them in real life. Totally different. Well,
I'm sure he looks the same, but it's uh, it's, uh,
what's interesting is when you're in high level competition, like he was,
of course in the days when he fought Alster before Alster made the transition
full time to MMA, um, when he,
before he came to Strikeforce and all that's tough,
that's that's a long time ago. Yeah. You know,
it's probably hard to get back in. I mean,
and to jump straight into top level competition, like headsy,
or especially like fighting you as a champion, that's a big leap, right? Yeah.
So, but that's the thing now we both have it. So he fought last year,
March and I fought last year, September.
So because I'm was in negotiated and still am in negotiations with glory
for a new contract. So it's a, it's both been a while for us,
but I've been before that. I was like in Montreal.
Yeah. Yeah. Crazy flow. Yeah. You definitely have much more momentum. And just,
there's a thing about fighting too. When guys take a long time off,
it's almost like they, they lose the feel for it. Yeah. They lose.
Do you know how, obviously they know how to kick. They know how to punch.
They know what to do. They're in shape. Yeah.
But there's a field that they have for the ring for.
Exactly. Exactly. This is where people don't. And I said like, Hey,
you step in the ring. And that's what, that's what you do.
That's what you were born to do. That's true.
But you need that attention.
You need that five of walking towards the ring, stepping into the ring,
all those people looking at you at that moment,
that's a certain type of feeling that you get and you gotta be comfortable with
it. Yeah. And that that's exactly what it is. You got to feel comfortable.
And the only way you can be comfortable and stay comfortable is being active.
Yeah. So being active is very, it's just so critical for a fighter. When,
when a guy takes a year off or two years off or three, I mean,
it's like the more, the time is the more it becomes problematic.
And the older you get this class.
How old's bought are now 35, I think.
Mm. So yeah. Does.
Glory drug test?
Yeah, they do. That's how they got caught. Was.
It him or was it an athletic commission? I mean, was it Gloria? Was.
It a no, it's not glory. It's an induction local.
Look at Dutch athletic club.
And so they're going to drug test for this fight as well. Yeah.
Yeah. Yeah. For sure. So I got tested like every, every time.
Is it like water testing at the same standards world anti-doping.
Agency. Yeah.
So they like wake you up like seven o'clock in the morning. Hey Rico.
Oh no, no, no, no. That's not the testing. Would they just test at the events?
Oh, I, I would even rather have that wake up and random come test,
but that's not what they do, but they test like really strict when you're,
when you're there.
Yeah. That's, that's a little bit easier to pass though. That's true. No,
that's a lot easier to pass. I should say.
I have no clue. I don't know what to do or what ways there are two,
because I'm not on it. I don't want to stay busy.
I don't want to think about it, but whatever, you know,
I just jump in there and just do what I gotta do.
But that's why I told glory now again,
after this whole issue,
because a lot of people were caught like last year and they didn't expect that.
I was like, Hey, we got to keep doing this because this is the way we
make the sport clean. And I think that's what we deserve because we,
yeah, we are, we are a good sport. We are all athletes,
but I want to be safe in the ring. And what do you mean we're safe?
You're going into a fight understand,
but somebody that uses whatever,
can maybe just punch a little bit harder in the beginning of the fight or
whatever.
I have a little more endurance hit you with some punch.
They wouldn't be able to hit you with the non some.
Exactly. So that's what I mean, uh, with Darren glory,
I want to be safe when I'm in the ring. Well, for sure.
Or, I mean, if, if one person's on it and one person's not that's, you know,
it's a, it's a giant advantage. Anybody says it's not,
it's just lying to themselves. Yeah, yeah.
Yeah. So, but I'm in the end, you know, I just go in there and don't,
I'm not even thinking about it.
Well, it is the fight to make in kickboxing too.
And if there's a fight that I could tell people, Hey, you got to watch you.
You really want to know what kickboxing all about. Watch this fight.
That is the fight because Bob are such a wild man,
and he's such a knockout artist.
And you obviously one of the most successful heavyweights ever, you know,
I mean your, uh, your kickboxing record in glory.
I mean just the highlight reels. Amazing.
You've got so many great fights over there too. Yeah.
I've been doing so good. I'm really enjoying myself. And that's what I said.
I want to bring kickboxing to a new level. Like then,
especially when you go now in Holland,
like normally in Harland was like soccer or
cycling or ice skating.
That's where parents were bringing their kids through and do that to keep out
kickboxing. And now they're like, Hey, Kickbox this is cool.
When did that change? I think like two, three years.
Ago, w what made.
A change? I think, uh, because of the border fight that was,
so we were getting,
we were getting more airtime and after the barter fight and everything that
happened around him and it was surrounding him,
like the things you said would happen outside in the club and this and that.
He was like the national right now.
And I was like the national good guy because everybody, so,
and that was like the perfect clash. And then of course, yeah, I beat him.
So everybody was like, oh, he's our hero. Right. So that,
that's, that's how everything, a little bit exploded. But.
But again for you, that's unsatisfying the way it happened, though,
that he gets his arm injured. Yeah.
Yeah. In whatever way, reason, whatever he thinks happened.
But like you, cause you're suspicious about I'm suspicious about it. So,
because he's looking at one arm then looking at the other arm and it just,
it's a fake thing for me, but it's like,
but that's what I have with this whole thing that he tries to create.
It's like, when he's getting announced and everything, he's like, yeah,
butter, oh, sorry,
110 something fights and 90 knockouts,
but I'm obsessed with what I'm doing. Um, uh, when I,
when I fight and when I have an opponent and I'm fighting,
I'm looking for everything.
I want to know everything about you and everything.
These days you can find on the internet.
So when I'm looking on the internet and for example,
you look at Wikipedia and looking all, all the fights from back in the days,
K one days. And even before that, you maybe get to 60, 70 fights.
So where are the other fights? Does that mean?
Like when you were younger in the youth period,
you did like 40 something fights that you knock everybody out.
I don't know. My train has been there for years, even before that.
And he doesn't know about it.
So that's strange because everything is documented on,
on the end and everything you can find on the internet. So.
So you think his records inflated?
I think so. He's got.
Some crazy knockouts.
Though. He got.
The Stefan Leko [inaudible].
But that's what I said. He got, he he's got that.
He's got amazing records, but yeah,
I think it's not as crazy as they make it to be.
Which is crazy because the reality is pretty crazy. I mean,
you don't need to hype it up any more than it really is, right?
No, but it's been there for years.
Like 100 something fights are so many knockouts,
but when I look at it is I can't find it,
but maybe it's there. Maybe it's there. Maybe it's from years ago, whatever.
I don't know. But that's all that I'm looking at. You're suspicious.
I'm suspicious about it because when I look at Wikipedia and I'm looking at,
when he was around,
it starts from when he was around 16 till now it's like 60, 70 fights.
Funny. When you look at them in the early days too, he was so skinny. Yeah.
Like even when he fought stuff on Lego. Yeah. And then now he's jacked. Yeah.
But he puts so much time into strength, strength and conditioning workouts.
So you could see like, he's always doing some crazy strength routine. Yeah.